[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro music playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
MASKED SINGER
♪ Yay, yay... ♪
♪ Yay, yay, yay! ♪
-How was it?
-Perfect.
-Let me see.
-What are you doing?
We're uploading our dance videos.
What? Do really think
you should be doing that?
You have no idea how terrifying
social media can be!
Did something happen to you online?
You will regret your dark past someday.
Delete it before it's too late!
It's fine if you're careful.
-Besides, everybody's doing it.
-"Everybody"?
Babu Lisa's channel
has over 10,000 subscribers.
She's somewhat of a celebrity.
You didn't know?
I had no idea.
-Let's go, Kana.
-Okay.
The moral decay in our school has no end.
This must be Ms. Babu Lisa's channel.
[kids] ♪ Babu, Babu, Babu, Babu ♪
♪ Babu, Babu, Babu, Babu ♪
♪ Babu, Babu, Babu, Babu, Bu! ♪
Seriously?
It's all fluff and no substance.
-Is this what's popular these days?
-♪ Babu, babu, babu... ♪
This is Halley Tomoyo's channel.
♪ I am Halley, like the comet ♪
♪ But I'm not going anywhere
I'm here to stay ♪
It has 4,321 likes.
What's to like about this?
Oh, here's the one
Naoko Watanabe was just making.
♪ Yay, yay... ♪
♪ Yay, yay, yay! ♪
Awful.
BIG SALE
[thinking] If that performance level
is all it takes, I could do far better.
But after what I said to Naoko Watanabe,
I don't think I should get involved.
[announcer on TV]
Here comes the Snake Tornado!
[bunny wails, snake hisses]
That's it!
-Morning!
-Good morning.
-What are you watching?
-Saitee.
Saitee?
You've never heard of him?
He already has over 100,000 views.
♪ Let me sleep
for just five more minutes ♪
♪ Oh, please... ♪
Wow.
Lots of people have already uploaded
their own versions of Saitee's dance.
Oh, wow.
-I could watch it over and over.
-I know, right?
[thinking] Good. No one has figured out
that I am Saitee.
[sighs]
I'm so jealous. He already has
over 10,000 likes.
I wish mine would go more viral.
Isn't that...?
♪ Ma, ma, ma, ma! ♪
-She sells seashells by the seashore.
-It's Saitee!
-Excellent.
-Um, excuse me!
You're Saitee, right?
I've seen all your videos!
Can I shake your hand?
Huh? Oh, sure.
[shrieks] Wait a sec.
-[thinking] Uh-oh.
-Huh?
Saitee, do you know...
She knows.
You've got eyes just like mine!
I'm just like Saitee!
I'm just like you, Saitee! [giggles]
She hasn't got a clue!
Um... I post dance videos and stuff, too.
I know. They're awful.
How about collaborating with me?
What?
Saitee doesn't collaborate with anyone.
-Pretty please!
-[groans]
I want to collaborate with you
and go viral!
-[grunts]
-I'm begging you!
O-Okay.
Yay!
[Keisuke Saito] Do you know any
of the dances for my songs?
Yes! I've mastered the dance to
"Let Me Sleep for Just Five More Minutes."
Okay, can you show me?
♪ Let me sleep
for just five more minutes ♪
for just five more... ♪
She has a lot of nerve
saying she's mastered it.
-What do you think?
-I can't dance with you.
What?
You're not good enough
to dance with Saitee.
It may be the same dance, but you stink.
It's an invitation to get flamed.
Then I'll pretend I'm Saitee's mom!
Saitee's mom?
♪ Let me sleep
for just five more minutes ♪
♪ No, no, you're going to be late ♪
♪ It's your fault
for not going to bed early ♪
♪ Just five more minutes ♪
♪ You said that five minutes ago ♪
♪ Oh, please ♪
♪ Hurry up and wake up in five seconds ♪
♪ Just five more minutes ♪
♪ Dreaming of world peace ♪
Wasn't that great?
You think so?
I hope we don't get flamed.
Who cares? What you think of yourself
is more important.
I had so much fun!
How about you, Saitee?
Well, I guess it was a lot of fun.
Great! Then let's record it.
Naoko!
Bibilian.
-I have a favor to ask you.
-What is it?
Can I post these videos of you?
Huh?
Aren't they great?
But I figured I should get your permission
before I posted them.
So is it okay?
Of course it's not okay!
Gau, Gau!
-Get permission before you record someone!
-[Bibilian screaming]
-Gau, Gau, Gau, Gau!
-[whoosh]
[both shouting]
Spying on people is never okay!
I'm sorry!
Gau, Gau, Gau!
[sighs] I did it again.
Huh? Saitee? Saitee!
Where are you?
Looks like I can't be Saitee anymore.
[Naoko sighs]
Saitee has stopped posting videos.
I haven't heard from him either.
I wonder if he's mad at me.
He's not mad.
I'm sure Saitee has his reasons.
Huh? What would you know about it, Saito?
Eh.
I wish I could meet Saitee again.
-Naoko! Congratulations!
-Huh?
You've got the most views in the world!
Spying on people is never okay! Gau, Gau!
[wails] Now I have a dark past!
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪